docs: Getting started revamp docs and images (#36987)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/writing-tests-js.md

> ````markdown

Reviewer: Stray line, please remove.

| [`method: Locator.selectOption`] | Select option in the drop down |

## Assertions

Playwright includes [test assertions](./test-assertions.md) in the form of `expect` function. To make an assertion, call `expect(value)` and choose a matcher that reflects the expectation.

> Playwright includes generic matchers like `toEqual`, `toContain`, `toBeTruthy` that can be used to assert any conditions.

Reviewer: I think it's better to move the section about generic matchers to be after the list of web-first assertions.

```js
expect(success).toBeTruthy();
```

Playwright also includes async matchers that wait until the expected condition is met. Using these matchers makes tests non-flaky and resilient. For example, this code waits until the page gets the title containing "Playwright":

```js
await expect(page).toHaveTitle(/Playwright/);
```

> Here are the most popular async assertions. For the complete list, see [many more](./test-assertions.md):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are the most popular async assertions. For the complete list, see [assertions guide](./test-assertions.md):
```
